a situation everyone knows pictures
documents powerpoint slides and other
Marketing content is in
different variants in
different formats
different places
every time you need them you are
either it can not be found not
on the last stand have the wrong one
format or are for a reason otherwise
not usable digital asset
Management with the brandmaker media
Pool solves all these challenges
in a professional way the brandmaker
media pool carries all content and
media together in one place
There they are in the latest
Shared version for all users
centrally available and thanks
different comfortable
Search methods fast and complete
can be found for example via a
structured search through a search like
you know them from a search engine
or about a smart one
tagging
the brandmaker media pool is more central
pool for various contents of
texts and presentations about pdfs and
layout formats down to picture and
graphic files as well as video and
All audio files are deposited
relevant metadata for example for
license volatility of images or
deadlines if documents only from or until
used at a specific date
be allowed to
users can make a selection
depending on the type and content of each
mediums first light boxes with a
put together a selection of media
Looking at videos in preview
Listen to audio files or in the
preview of a powerpoint presentation
scroll
as part of the brandmaker sees
right and roll systems of the respective
users always only those media and
content relevant to him and
are released
once the selection is made
users in the next step that
download desired medium
send by e-mail in your own documents
insert or directly into one of
other brandmaker modules
processed
it will automatically always the respective
required file format generated
the brandmaker media pool is not just
a powerful system for that
digital asset management but can
as an integrated part of a comprehensive
business solution, for example
together with the brandmaker product
information management system with the
brand michael web to publish module for
the template based automation
of advertising production or as
central resource pool for the braker
ci portal are used
either way you will save time and money and
above all achieve a significant
improved consistency and quality
both from individual media as well
manufacture documents and advertising material
interest in more information about
brand maker media pool
then click directly on the link
www.brandmaker.com